[Music]
you have to adopt the mentality of an
Irish Street huh the world is a bad
place people are lazy morons minorities
are criminals sex is sick but
interesting ask yourself what would
scare my grandmother or piss off my
grandfather and that's a Fox story oh
thanks women are everywhere well let
them play golf and tennis now no charge
on the phone cuz you call me a skirt yes
yeah attitude off camera was even worse
you're a man hater learn to get along
with the boys you're sexy but you're too
much work I have a whole list will other
women come forward you may have heard
there was a dust-up involving yours
truly and presidential contender Donald
Trump there was blood coming out of her
eyes blood coming out of her wherever my
god did he just accuse me of Angermann
straighting wait am I gonna be the story
no no I'm gonna be the story no nobody
stops for watching
because of a conflict they stopped
watching when there isn't one I want to
convince you that I belong on air mr.
Ailes I think I'd be freaking phenomenal
on your network I could pluck you out
and move you to the front of the line
but I need to know that you're loyal I
need you to find a way to prove it you
know why Ron just got that door blocking
his office
someone has to speak up someone has to
get matched the Fox News star gretchen
carlson dropped a major bomb shell today
because she's doing this could kill Fox
News we need everyone on Team Watcher
get it on put it on these are at the end
times you do understand I have to be
above this Ray you know the entire
country is talking about your period
right now sweetheart
this is an island of safety and truth
[Music]
ready to go to war oh yeah
being a street dog isn't so bad at all
he's a champ I'm free to be whoever I
wanna be walk wherever I want to walk
hey hi are you two twins I'm her husband
pal aha
eat whatever I want to keep he's a champ
you know what fine
[Applause]
just remember I got this the
old-fashioned way I stole it
[Music]
snob hell there we go I got my color let
me just take a little guess here you're
the center of your people's universe
right you could say that your family's
just perfect
don't please well lady that's basically
all over now you're about to be replaced
replace me I don't think so lady this is
Lulu
when the baby moves in the dog moves out
[Music]
help me get this thing off I'm sorry
this is awkward
this way totally safe I'm not gonna do
that
keep it crazy you don't know that
happening
[Music]
what is this place
but a great big world out there
with no fence around it
[Music]
every day could be an adventure
okay all up here up unicorn oh I don't
think Olaf should get to rearrange
doesn't matter this is gonna be a cinch
oh distracted worried
[Music]
how's Elsa seemed weird to you she seems
like Elsa there's this voice voice what
does that mean
the kingdom is not safe find who is
calling to you they may have answers
across the enchanted lands and into the
unknown we do this together okay
the spirits will challenge you every
step of the way
[Music]
that's normal who are you I'm old ah
oh sorry yeah I just find clothes
restricting
should I know what that means
[Music]
try to scream
magic disappearing without you see bein
lose herself to it
more than anyone or anything
if anyone can save arendelle it's you
how do you guys cope with the ever
increasing complexity of thought that
comes with maturity
you don't know what I said
[Music]
[Applause]
Oh
[Music]
siamo to the histogram
Gregor
I uni Naruto Colosio sada I see trees of
green red roses too
I see them bloom for me and me
and I think to myself
are you dr. Dolittle
[Music]
we've got choices but embark on this
perilous journey
you can talk to animals
babies
it's okay to be scared
[Music]
hello Betty I love lunch
somehow we just belong together
myself oh what a wonderful world
[Music]
peace is a story about money bribery
corruption millions and millions and
millions of dollars and they're trying
to hide the whole thing it's controlled
by a trust Trust is like a fiduciary
with charges under which a third party
okay okay wrong was try and send money
that's the story the story is somebody
died and somebody's making money from it
[Music]
Hyperdimension we are in this for the
money give me that money
if somebody has to sell me alone now
it's time to rinse and repeats
[Music]
via gathered here today to join B and
Thomas in holy matrimony you're taking
this so well he's a good man
you hated this guy we've grown very
close welcoming a new parent not that
close the father father father no you're
not my father sorry are you beautiful
it's really the rabbit story I just
wrote it down look dad it's Peter Rabbit
oh I hate that I'm the face of this he's
live naughty what I knew Peter that
depends who's asking
Peter trouble told you he has it in for
me he was talking to all of us I'm
talking to you Peter
specifically stay out of trouble trouble
if that's who they think I am maybe I'd
be better off without them
[Music]
oh come on
what are you looking at goody-goody you
gonna turn me I'm no pity goody
apparently I'm a baddie batter I love a
is your name Peter Rabbit
yeah I was best friends with your dad my
name's Barnabas you're a fierce bad
rabbit just like where are the rabbits
back in their burrows snug as a bug in a
rug
spread out
[Music]
join them roll it I'm speeding up a
little I'm speeding up quite a bit and
that's why adults shouldn't do kid stuff
such Holden told you Tony Oh a little
bit spill who never feel sorry master
[Music]
what a tiny dick named
oh mama gaia-now said no mom it's in a
car a hurry oh sorry to do
[Music]
keep me
he's sonic Idol
what I love about Nicole she is a mother
who plays really plays what I love about
Charlie he loves being a dad he loves
all the things you're supposed to hate
like waking up at night she knows when
to push me and when to leave me alone he
never lets other people keep him from
what he was used to do no it's not easy
for her to close a captain he's
incredibly neat she's brave he's
brilliant she's very competitive
[Music]
so I'll tell Charlie what's happening
and Cassie you then hand him the
envelope I just get nervous
can you unser what do you mean like take
it back
Charlie and I are getting a divorce line
you can't be friends with him anymore
[Applause]
you know most people in my business
features transactions to them I like to
think it was people okay good you remind
me of myself on my second marriage
part of what we're gonna do together is
tell me your story you dye your hair
again well this is me we all like it is
it shorter I prefer a longer but how are
you doing I realized I never really come
along for myself I was just feeding his
aliveness
I'll never get to really be his parent
together he needs to know that I fought
for him
[Music]
it's not as simple as not being in love
anymore eventually it'll be the two of
you having to figure this healthy
[Music]
together
if we start from a place of reasonable
and they start from a place of crazy
when we settled will be somewhere
between reasonable and crazy
[Music]
it's common people to see things that
aren't real have you ever seen things
like this before I had an imaginary
friend when I was a kid his name was
Daniel he was my best friend is my only
friend it's kind of a strange notion but
maybe you should try to connect the back
part of yourself again I bet you could
get a phone number from any girl up in
this park Photography sometimes I'm here
because you're here I'm part of you
what's that thing behind me your shadow
saw something full of danger
I can make you go right Daniel is simply
an aspect of your mind when you painted
me you saw a shadow what did he look
like
[Music]
there is several things that need to be
done very quickly after they come from
me
[Music]
it'll all be over in a flash it's the
closest we've ever come to putting him
away without this witness
Manning's walked when the package
arrived we give you a testimony and you
get your life back
I'm supposed to live in the package
nay I'm just the courier it doesn't good
enough
someone is trying to kill you
the witness managed to get away I think
we have a problem
we don't know the real name
Oh social security number okay - boy
she's a ghost
[Music]
I think a high price for this you'll
fail you and everyone you know will pay
a high
[Music]
who are you
just the courier can ask you a question
why did the CIA torture people lie about
it and hide it from history after 9/11
everyone was scared scared it might
happen again we need to stop attacks in
the future and we are in whatever
business it takes to get the job done
find out exactly what they did
one detainee and he waterboarded him 183
times if it works why do you need to do
it 183 times maybe when the report comes
out people will finally see that they
claim they saved lives but what they
really did was make it impossible to
prosecute mass murderer because if what
we did to him ever came out in the court
of law the case is over the guy planned
9/11 the CIA said the program wouldn't
cause lasting harm so how long is go
Rockman going to be dead for this
question isn't about our enemies it's
about us
I would like us to be more than the
country that did the report I'd like us
to be the country that made it public we
will not allow this to be covered up the
report weighted our coming soon
[Music]